Adding parcel bundler (#10211)
facebook/jest: README.md

Jest can be used in projects that use [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) to manage assets, styles, and compilation. webpack does offer some unique challenges over other tools. Refer to the [webpack guide](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/webpack) to get started.

### Using parcel

> Jest can be used in projects that use [parcel-bundler](https://parceljs.org/) to manage assests, styles, and compilation similar to webpack. Parcel bundler offers blazing fast performance utilizing multicore processing, and requires zero configuration.

Reviewer: We don't need the "pitch" for parcel, methinks. Is there no parcel config (or vice versa) needed to work with jest?

Author: yes we only need to add dependencies and we are good to go parcel is faster than webpack

Reviewer: I'm fine with adding parcel to the list, and saying it works without config. But we don't need to say "blazing fast" etc - marketing should be up to Parcel, not us 🙂

Author: So I should remove that "blazing fast" right like as follows:

`Jest can be used in projects that use [parcel-bundler](https://parceljs.org/) to manage assets, styles, and compilation similar to webpack. The parcel-bundler utilizes multicore processing and requires zero configuration.`

> Jest can be used in projects that use [parcel-bundler](https://parceljs.org/) to manage assests, styles, and compilation similar to webpack. Parcel bundler offers blazing fast performance utilizing multicore processing, and requires zero configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jest can be used in projects that use [parcel-bundler](https://parceljs.org/) to manage assets, styles, and compilation similar to webpack. Parcel requires zero configuration.
```

Author: Hey @SimenB ,
Done with the changes suggested, kindly review and merge the **PR**.
